Adding info on setting Kuryr configuration options (#27508)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-kuryr-settings-installing.adoc

During installation, you can configure how Kuryr manages {rh-openstack-first} Neutron ports to control the speed and efficiency of pod creation.

.Prerequisites

* Create and modify the `install-config.yaml` file.

.Procedure

. From a command line, create the manifest files:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ ./openshift-install create manifests --dir=<installation_directory> <1>
----
<1> For `<installation_directory>`, specify the name of the directory that
contains the `install-config.yaml` file for your cluster.

. Create a file that is named `cluster-network-03-config.yml` in the
`<installation_directory>/manifests/` directory:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ touch <installation_directory>/manifests/cluster-network-03-config.yml <1>
----
<1> For `<installation_directory>`, specify the directory name that contains the
`manifests/` directory for your cluster.
+
After creating the file, several network configuration files are in the
`manifests/` directory, as shown:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ ls <installation_directory>/manifests/cluster-network-*
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
cluster-network-01-crd.yml
cluster-network-02-config.yml
cluster-network-03-config.yml
----

> . Open the `cluster-network-03-config.yml` file in an editor and enter a custom
> resource (CR) that describes the Cluster Network Operator configuration that you want:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the `cluster-network-03-config.yml` file in an editor and enter a custom resource (CR) that describes the Cluster Network Operator configuration that you want:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit networks.operator.openshift.io cluster
----

. Edit the settings to meet your requirements. The following file is provided as an example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: Network
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  clusterNetwork:
  - cidr: 10.128.0.0/14
    hostPrefix: 23
  serviceNetwork:
  - 172.30.0.0/16
  defaultNetwork:
    type: Kuryr
    kuryrConfig:
      enablePortPoolsPrepopulation: false <1>
      poolMinPorts: 1 <2>
      poolBatchPorts: 3 <3>
      poolMaxPorts: 5 <4>
      openstackServiceNetwork: 172.30.0.0/15 <5>
----

> <1> Set `enablePortPoolsPrepopulation` to `true` to make Kuryr
> create new Neutron ports when a namespace is created or a new node is added to
> the cluster. This setting raises the Neutron ports quota, but can reduce the time that is required to spawn pods. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Set the value of `enablePortPoolsPrepopulation` to `true` to make Kuryr create new Neutron ports after a namespace is created or a new node is added to the cluster. This setting raises the Neutron ports quota, but can reduce the time that is required to spawn pods. The default value is `false`.
```

> <2> Kuryr creates new ports for a pool when the number of free ones in that
> pool is lower than `poolMinPorts`. The default value is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Kuryr creates new ports for a pool if the number of free ports in that pool is lower than the value of `poolMinPorts`. The default value is `1`.
```

> <3> `poolBatchPorts` controls the number of new ports that are created when the number of
> free ports is lower than `poolMinPorts`. The default value is `3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> `poolBatchPorts` controls the number of new ports that are created if the number of free ports is lower than the value of `poolMinPorts`. The default value is `3`.
```

> <4> If the number of free ports in a pool is higher than `poolMaxPorts`, Kuryr
> deletes them until the number matches the value of `poolMaxPorts`. Setting `0`
> disables this upper bound, preventing pools from shrinking. The default value is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> If the number of free ports in a pool is higher than the value of  `poolMaxPorts`, Kuryr deletes them until the number matches that value. Setting this value to `0` disables this upper bound, preventing pools from shrinking. The default value is `0`.
```

> <5> The `openStackServiceNetwork` parameter defines the CIDR range of the network from which
> IP addresses are allocated to {rh-openstack} Octavia's LoadBalancers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> The `openStackServiceNetwork` parameter defines the CIDR range of the network from which IP addresses are allocated to {rh-openstack} Octavia's LoadBalancers.
```

+

> If this parameter is used with the Amphora driver, Octavia takes two IPs from this network for each loadbalancer:
> one for OpenShift, and the other for VRRP connections. Because these IP addresses are managed by the IPAMs of OpenShift and Neutron respectively, they must come from different pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this parameter is used with the Amphora driver, Octavia takes two IP addresses from this network for each load balancer: one for OpenShift, and the other for VRRP connections. Because these IP addresses are managed by {product-title} and Neutron respectively, they must come from different pools.
```

> Therefore, the value of `openStackServiceNetwork` must be at least
> twice the size of the value of `serviceNetwork`, and the value of `serviceNetwork` must
> overlap entirely with the range that is defined by `openStackServiceNetwork`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the value of `openStackServiceNetwork` must be at least twice the size of the value of `serviceNetwork`, and the value of `serviceNetwork` must overlap entirely with the range that is defined by `openStackServiceNetwork`.
```

+

> The CNO verifies that VRRP IPs that are taken from the range that is defined by this parameter does not overlap with the range that is defined by the `serviceNetwork` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CNO verifies that VRRP IP addresses that are taken from the range that is defined by this parameter do not overlap with the range that is defined by the `serviceNetwork` parameter.
```

+

> If not set, the CNO uses an expanded value of `serviceNetwork`
> that is determined by decrementing the prefix size by 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this parameter is not set, the CNO uses an expanded value of `serviceNetwork` that is determined by decrementing the prefix size by 1.
```

. Save the `cluster-network-03-config.yml` file and exit the text editor.

> . Optional: Back up the `manifests/cluster-network-03-config.yml` file. The
> installation program deletes the `manifests/` directory while creating the
> cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Back up the `manifests/cluster-network-03-config.yml` file. The installation program deletes the `manifests/` directory while creating the cluster.
```

`manifests/` directory for your cluster.
+
After creating the file, several network configuration files are in the
`manifests/` directory, as shown:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ ls <installation_directory>/manifests/cluster-network-*
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
cluster-network-01-crd.yml
cluster-network-02-config.yml
cluster-network-03-config.yml
----

. Open the `cluster-network-03-config.yml` file in an editor and enter a custom resource (CR) that describes the Cluster Network Operator configuration that you want:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit networks.operator.openshift.io cluster
----

. Edit the settings to meet your requirements. The following file is provided as an example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: Network
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  clusterNetwork:
  - cidr: 10.128.0.0/14
    hostPrefix: 23
  serviceNetwork:
  - 172.30.0.0/16
  defaultNetwork:
    type: Kuryr
    kuryrConfig:
      enablePortPoolsPrepopulation: false <1>
      poolMinPorts: 1 <2>
      poolBatchPorts: 3 <3>
      poolMaxPorts: 5 <4>
      openstackServiceNetwork: 172.30.0.0/15 <5>
----

> <1> Set the value of `enablePortPoolsPrepopulation` to `true` to make Kuryr create new Neutron ports after a namespace is created or a new node is added to the cluster. This setting raises the Neutron ports quota, but can reduce the time that is required to spawn pods. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer 2: Remove the comma before "but":

> This setting raises the Neutron ports quota but can reduce the time that is required to spawn pods.

<2> Kuryr creates new ports for a pool if the number of free ports in that pool is lower than the value of `poolMinPorts`. The default value is `1`.
<3> `poolBatchPorts` controls the number of new ports that are created if the number of free ports is lower than the value of `poolMinPorts`. The default value is `3`.
<4> If the number of free ports in a pool is higher than the value of  `poolMaxPorts`, Kuryr deletes them until the number matches that value. Setting this value to `0` disables this upper bound, preventing pools from shrinking. The default value is `0`.
<5> The `openStackServiceNetwork` parameter defines the CIDR range of the network from which IP addresses are allocated to {rh-openstack} Octavia's LoadBalancers.
+

> If this parameter is used with the Amphora driver, Octavia takes two IP addresses from this network for each load balancer: one for OpenShift, and the other for VRRP connections. Because these IP addresses are managed by {product-title} and Neutron respectively, they must come from different pools.

Reviewer 2: No comma:

> one for OpenShift and the other for VRRP connections.

Therefore, the value of `openStackServiceNetwork` must be at least twice the size of the value of `serviceNetwork`, and the value of `serviceNetwork` must overlap entirely with the range that is defined by `openStackServiceNetwork`.
+
The CNO verifies that VRRP IP addresses that are taken from the range that is defined by this parameter do not overlap with the range that is defined by the `serviceNetwork` parameter.
+
If this parameter is not set, the CNO uses an expanded value of `serviceNetwork` that is determined by decrementing the prefix size by 1.

> . Save the `cluster-network-03-config.yml` file and exit the text editor.

Reviewer 2: s/file and exit/file, and exit
